README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi there, I'm MD SAKIL HOSSION

### Flutter | Dart | REST API | GetX | MVC | Responsive UI

🚀 About Me

🔭 I’m currently focused on building beautiful, scalable cross-platform mobile apps using Flutter

🌱 I’m currently learning advanced animations, performance optimization, and state management in Flutter

👯 I’m open to collaborate on innovative Flutter projects like WeatherAppZero

💬 Ask me about Flutter, Dart, REST API, and UI/UX best practices

⚡ Fun fact: I love turning ideas into smooth, pixel-perfect mobile experiences!

## 📫 Connect with Me

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mdsakilkhan649@gmail.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin.com/in/sakil-khan-b05475338)

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flutter-05122A?style=flat&logo=flutter)
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Dart-05122A?style=flat&logo=dart)
![GetX](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GetX-05122A?style=flat&logo=getx)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/-REST%20API-05122A?style=flat&logo=rest api)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-05122A?style=flat&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-05122A?style=flat&logo=github)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-05122A?style=flat&logo=java)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sakilkhan649&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sakilkhan649&theme=radical)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sakilkhan649&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=sakilkhan649&color=blueviolet)

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated info
Updated personal introduction and project details in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm I'm MD SAKIL HOSSION</h1>
<h3 align="center">Flutter | Dart | REST API | GetX | MVC | Responsive UI</h3>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [WeatherAppZero](https://github.com/sakilkhan649/weatherappzero.git)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **I’m currently learning advanced Flutter animations, state management ( Riverpod, Bloc), and app performance optimization, backend integration with Firebase, REST APIs, and deploying Flutter apps to Play Store 🚀**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on [calculatorappzero](https://github.com/sakilkhan649/calculatorappzero.git)

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with [products_delivery](https://github.com/sakilkhan649/products_delivery.git)

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [https://github.com/sakilkhan649](https://github.com/sakilkhan649)

- 📝 I regularly write articles on [I regularly write articles on building cross-platform apps, clean code practices, and tips for efficient Flutter development](I regularly write articles on building cross-platform apps, clean code practices, and tips for efficient Flutter development)

- 💬 Ask me about **Ask me about Flutter, Dart, Firebase, REST APIs, and state management (GetX)**

- 📫 How to reach me **mdsakilkhan649@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I can turn a blank Flutter project into a working app before my coffee gets cold!**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin.com/in/sakil-khan-b05475338" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="linkedin.com/in/sakil-khan-b05475338" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/https://www.facebook.com/share/1bxbuaegr1/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="https://www.facebook.com/share/1bxbuaegr1/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/sakilcst/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="https://www.instagram.com/sakilcst/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>
